Collaborative helping App 3.0

Do you want to help? You can do it here

"Do you have any questions about the tools you use every day (office, graphics, messages, computer locks and you don’t know where to find the answer?) The Whasq community is here to help you, there is no money at stake but the possibility to develop positively your Karma. Stop looking for an expert, they come to you. "The Whasq app is the symbol of #crosscollaboration. Whasq is also available in Pro version.

HOW IT WORKS -PRO VERSION

Your company is a WHASQ customer?
1- Login: Enter your email 
2- Click on "Forgotten password or change of password"
3- Receive your password by email

HOW IT WORKS - PUBLIC VERSION

Use WHASQ daily

1- Sign up - Complete your profile. Do not worry, then you will be able to hide all the informations except your name or your pseudo. 100% confidential, we do not sell your data! Add a photo, that is more fun :-)
2- Select the languages that you speak or understand
3- Complete your profile with YOUR SKILLS ( the subjects on which you could help the Whasqers). Example: Click on the office category then choose the Excel skill
Watch the video:

THAT'S IT YOU ARE A WHASQER!
Great, you are on Whasq!
You can now preview all the questions regarding your talents and answer them!

DO YOU WANT TO ANSWER A QUESTION?
1- Click on the Whasq
2- Click on reply - you can answer with a message, a video, an audio or a photo!
Watch the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7LaTJvGShu8

DO YOU WANT TO ASK A QUESTION?
Click on the top right on the + logo
1- Enter the title
2- Ask your question with a message by adding or not a photo, a video or record an audio
3- Choose the category and the skills (3 max.) to whom you want to send your question
4- Preview, validate, it's published!
Watch the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8EQSi8kis4

LOOKING FOR EXPERTS NEAR YOU?
Do you want that only whasqers that are near you see your question? Click on "Notify around me"

IT'S URGENT?
Select the "it's urgent" button at the bottom right.

BECOME AN EXPERT
The more you answer questions, the more likely you are to become an expert.
It is the other Whasqers that decide of your level or not

If the other users find your answer useful, they will be able to give you 10 points by liking your answer. If your answer is the right one, the person you helped will be able give you 50 points by clicking on the trophy. Find your ranking on the ranking page.

NOTIFICATIONS
At each point collected or responses received, you will be notified in real time


WHAT DOES WHASQ MEANS?
What A Simple Question ?

Because today, the best way to have an answer is to ask the good question, simply, at the right time, to the right person :-)

See you soon and if you need help, do not hesitate to contact us. 

Jessie from Whasq (jessie@whasq.com)
